ケシダさん keshida
ジェネロ Genero
クラビツ Kravitsu
アレハンドロ Alejandro

From a broken atom/flame in  a lake magic is born.
The esper are the magic and there existence regulates the flow.

Ifrit and Shiva decide to dissolve


Jinedine and Balt build irrigation system in the plain. The guild of smith takes all credit for the results

Develop how Celes helps community and their relationship . Hotel where people dress up by floor.

Contrebande de mythril by rich merchant. Les nobles ont le monopoles d'eploitation du mythril et ne veulent pas partager.

A story called Nina for what happens to Nina Kravitz


Wasteland used to be where some Atlantis like people used to live. They were destroy during the first war of magic.
(story about man undergronud waking up with everything destroyed)

You can still go there but it is dangerous and if Midgar Zolom attacks people settling there. 

Some adventurers go eploring the old abandoned biuldings.. there is a legend. They want to find the fang of the Zolom which is made of some precious material♥
. Crafters fight for price againts noblles.


Rune whatsapp like up to 128 people. Show that madness is function of size


https://megatiles.itch.io/

https://www.fontspace.com/7pxkbus-font-f3831 Freeware

She goes to the market to buy herbs

He goes home by passing in fron of in and receives the message there ! 

https://kyrise.itch.io/kyrises-free-16x16-rpg-icon-pack

https://ssugmi.itch.io/16x16-rpg-assets



Pixel art katakana https://i.pinimg.com/originals/d5/2b/5d/d52b5d772ffae9632ed7069c7bd835fe.jpg
https://www.pixilart.com/art/katakana-japanese-letters-07b2a8bcdeefd48

https://www.fontspace.com/7pxkbus-font-f3831#action=charmap&id=4naB
Push one gourp to destroy th eother but braodcast sthe transmissions.

Start lik e after 3 years have passed. Sofia in charge of training, Nikolo of trade. Butterrs is in admiration. Takes power ~because old peeps don't want to go far enough for the community. New runes can e video or image qualit. There is power 
in the stones. They don't want to share the stones at scale. Start at sort of PHD graduation


Leran magic by studying nature. Start war bc want to get rid of espers and old magic.

Espers are bothered by the netwrok of runes. Espers were in hybernation since the last war.
Witches makes pan come back. He helps everyone run away on the bahamut miuntain.

Practice magic like some sort of Kata, an art
. Started looking for artefact when master runes were found.

A mountain is a databas. Runes work locally or short range except when relay netweokr on whihc he feeds. Network has reach critical size to fight espers.Carbuncl  sinks a ship with rune hodlers on it. Jinedines's shi is just a casualty. 
The captain had a relay on his boat


After the war of magic, witches are only protectors of the magic.Can read history about attacker if he wears runes. In Akotis policae abuses runes. Can locate and see what they see.

Cavern transformee en mine.



Jinedine rune add one function to make them ne. Nina is cancelled. MEtal detector fund LoR

MArkus Sends order for violence using rune.. Steal stone frmo forbidden room

Course poursuite dans le Wasteland. Dechetterie

Show how the rebel group in nerobi is composed.

Add an episode in which the power of the runes is explored ?

Maybe before meeting the undergorund people.
Steal a runes stone despite knowing he shoul dnot and do not tell Celestina but shows her what he has done wiht it.
Gives it to Nikolo and invited to study in Akotis. Meets sofia and a violent guy who will pressure underground peeps to give stone. In the cavern she shows she can use fire magic. Show her house with garden. It's quiet here. I like it. I can grow herbs.

Faelea order think they can create a new esper.
the reason Jinedine is here is because the Markus has asked the King in Nerobi to send troups to re open the trade route.
Markus knows his men can;t do it because of Runes. He also hope the Army in Neorbi gets spread.

The plain under Nerobi are very fertile. South of the river is desert land 



wani + kani as amontser
In Bardo Juju leaves to accomplish some quest
Kokao islandas
Un perso qui revisite tous les precedents decors
Before they find the cave he shows his new runes to show progress
She shows some skills as well and he suggests she becomes part of the army ofr she joins the fae lea order

Nikolo 
Koril Maria 
Desmondo
Markus
Didu
Juju and friend come from The rocklands
Sailor is treated a asn edge case
Sofia 
Terres sauvages
Nahari

Juju's initiation. At some point can hear the phoenix

Engineer youth. Meet a friend girl. Runecrafting. 
Can send Short messages with a rune reader. 
Inherits one from is gramddad.
One day go to a tunnel and found people who leave underground.

No one can enter some tunnel.
One day he does. and found most powerfull metal (adamantite). 
He crafts very powerful runes.
And take control of the other rue bearer.
Not much people use runes because they are expensive.


contrebandier vs normal marchand don tlike each other

Contrebandier talkds to herald and pretend he is not
Contrebandier preapre as mission and goes to a shop
Boat innspection. Everything ok but the merchant is not happy
Damages boat


Pirate with crew take herald and big Knight on board
At some point they meet rascal (his friend who died)

Shall they take a merchant ? Yes ?
Which port do they leave from ?
Is the Herald from Nerobi or from Bardo.

Herald is ambassador 

Start by a letter and then yes boss ! we leave in two days


Captain see anogher matelot who is not is friend and damages his boat. That's why the herald comes

The guy who buys mythril is the merchant 



Mec sur le bateau qui fait de la contrebande a pas la choix que d embarquer un inspecteur et doit cacher ce qu il fait emme quand il ravitalle sur des petites iles 

Il les pousse a aidre un bateau en detresse

The trafficker goes to a pirate island to find the 3 women that are hiding. 10 years before Aryn was born
They land and then have to go to the town (a few fights to get there)

Go to the forest where there are mini quest like find a shovel to remove a stone

Then find a camp of treasure hunter search for rackam the red treasure
Then have to go into the mountain to find the hiding pirate women

Have a partner that you never meet again like the gosht in train in ff6

Why is the re brexit
Name of Aryn's bro

Two good endings. One positive, one very bad everyone fails and the runes take over the world. 
and they are known as dangerous rebels in the future


Find where Rena's castke is
DArius and berenice mythril vs manufatcured goods.
Forges
The queen is called Madeline
Tax import fish

Dans Nerobi tout le monde se sent surveille. Les gens sont parfaits mais vont dans des endroits dodgy sans runes.

There is a temple in Nerobi where Juju goes.

The temple de l order de fae lea est a la croise des elements : riviere, wind fire

In Nerobi le povoir politique est impuissant


First esper war due to mages. Juju's artefact are actually the one that created the first war

Chokobo esper is master of chokobos

High herbs with a town within comme dans les trolls (la mer d herbe)

First men vivent dans les montagnes ou aucun pouvoir ne fonctionne

Show how Nerobi was full of diversity but the runes create polarisation 

Riches get runes first
Rich proprietaire terriens vs farmers vs artisans.
Juju et Zin arrivent dans une ville type dunkerk et arrivent a nerobi via les fermes


La ville californie est ridicule avec les gens qui font du yoga etc

Phoenix shows open emoji town to Juju ?


Add characters stats

We find the real reason of contrebande later.

In Nerobi gurad blocking aisles a la ff7

There are towns along the main river of the continent


Add 'action' part comme quand ils grimpent le poteau du wall market

Ingenieur poursuivi poru avoir hacker les runes. HE participe a la contrebande de sake. He creates device to see through the runes in a short range radius

Jinedine fait une tentaive desespere de tuer le bad guy with 100% chance of failure because he is choked that his borther died

JuJu is saveed by teh phoenix. She has a special relationship with him since she's been looking for artifect

Arya grows stronger but the stronger she is the kinder she becomes / and misses her family++

Caith Sith will help Jinedin

Juju and the engineer may work together on new runes

Or the engineer and the sailor work on a new kind of boat (I prefer)

&#128481; Have a miner using a pick axe as a weapon

Juju's quest to find the artefact would make an interes3ting story.
Juju tells Zinedine that she leaves him there.



Roktudy Nerobu Fae lea plaine de rainen Ninphea

Re use : oh I read a story about an animal concert


Have a crafter as a character. Craft can be sunglasses or amulet... 

The sword becomes stronger and stronger with Juju's magic.
Shop you can use the sword with magic


Economy : Neroby is a trade center.
The engineer place exploits the people who can only live underground. That is the case because an esper got angry and they got cursed.




They land on Arya's Island where everyone is a chicken and foreigners are not welcome (Brexit)

Then they go to NErobi and on the way they stop in Juju's town where they learn her past. And meet the friend she lost ?

Then they reach Nerobi. They go to the king and the Engineer shuts down the city. They flee to the EAst and some bandit tell them they can help to escape. They follow. They meet the cat esper and the engineer there. Then they go to the very old forest witht the unicorn and the wolf. There are elves who help the espers. No one can go through the forest.

Then they reach the temple.  They split in two ? Some go to the cavern in the east wher ethey meet the people whose skin burns in the sun.

They go underground and meeet heir next friend. And they deliver Zinedine' Bro.


The other goup ? Meets the poenemoji people ? Something just happened to them


My work is very unusual. It's composed of pixel art illustrated stories published as HTML pages on my website and written in easy Japanese. 

I have been learning Japanese for a while and like every learner realises quickly, there is not much high quality enjoyable comprehensible input (ie written using only easy words/grammar) 
out there and it's sad because that's (to me) the most effective way to learn a new language. And since I am reasonable person decided that doing it was a task for me...
So I thought hard about it and came with this amazing idea that I would teach Japanese in Japanese, introducing new words with emoji and reusing them over and over in genuinely enjoyable stories.

After a lot of hard work I shared it on the dedicated section of reddit and was expecting praise, success and glory for my genius. 
I got 45 upvotes when photos by someoneone who just received their textbook got 1,000. That did not stop me. I was thinking people did not see the big picture and if I keep doing more of this they would and they will be impressed.
So I continued and kept sharing with no real success. After what might be 6 months of relatively hard work I stopped. Another 6 months later I randomly decided to take an other look at my site.
And read it from the first to the last page. And I could not help but think that it was really good. Definitely something I'd have enjoyed had I not been the author.

So I started again for something like another 18 months. I got some people genuinely praising my work but from what I'd call a marketing point of view it is definitely a failure. 
My site is very rarely shared or mentioned. I still do care a little about it but not that much anymore. I am now doing it for me and for the handful of people who find it interesting and especially for this one person who one day will find it and think 'OMG this is all I have ever wanted' :-). 

In any case it's been a very rich experience of which the details do not really belong here.

What matters is that at some point I used pixel art in addition to emoji to introduce new words 



I had started writing a very long post but then realised it was a rant about how unfair it 


I am a big fan of Final Fantasy 6 and 7. I genuinely think they are two of the greatest realisation of humankind.

I have been waiting for 25+ years for someone to produce something with the same vibe. Turns out it hasn't happened so I decided to do it...

My stories take place in your typical fantasy world but with two additional features. Magical creatures (Espers if you know FF) are present as well as a new technology. This new technology consists of Runestones that can be engraved and placed into devices/jewels that serve as interface. Essentially it is a metaphore for smartphones adapted to a fantasy world.  


I can't draw so I have had to find ways to produce visuals that don't require drawing.  My stories use two styles. I like them both. The one with the emoji is more dynamic than the other which allows me to better display emotions. The one using pixel art is easies to sell if you see what I mean. 

I write everything in easy Japanese since my work is targeted to Japanese learners. 



My work being very atypical and in a foreign language there are not a lot of people I know with whom I can share it and that's the hard part. My friends and relative do not understand the test, it's not really a comic book so I can't really share it as such and the Japanese learning community has mixed feelings about it.








 
