ケシダさん keshida
ジェネロ Genero
クラビツ Kravitsu
アレハンドロ Alejandro


https://www.fontspace.com/7pxkbus-font-f3831 Freeware

She goes to the market to buy herbs

He goes home by passing in fron of in and receives the message there ! 

Rune communicate with each other through the ether. 8 bits encoding and length 8 messages. Shrot range.

vvvvvvvv >> X
v^vv^vvv >> 0 

Runestone is engraved and stuck in the back of the bracelet. 
This one is very basic. A bracelet a gem and a runestone.


⃞⬛⬜
⃞⬛⬜◻️◼️
One character screen. That displays them in a row. Can ony store one message.
The message will be shown here one character at a time.

https://kyrise.itch.io/kyrises-free-16x16-rpg-icon-pack
Use divs from pixel art
Normal gem serves as screen
Rune too simple are sent to everyone in the range. Like talky walky

◻️◼️
Everything encoded 

_ _ _ > voyelle sound
_ _ _ __ > consomne
https://ssugmi.itch.io/16x16-rpg-assets

_ '' 
_ > small letter

Pixel art katakana https://i.pinimg.com/originals/d5/2b/5d/d52b5d772ffae9632ed7069c7bd835fe.jpg
https://www.pixilart.com/art/katakana-japanese-letters-07b2a8bcdeefd48

https://www.fontspace.com/7pxkbus-font-f3831#action=charmap&id=4naB
Push one gourp to destroy th eother but braodcast sthe transmissions.

Start lik e after 3 years have passed. Sofia in charge of training, Nikolo of trade. Butterrs is in admiration. Takes power ~because old peeps don't want to go far enough for the community. New runes can e video or image qualit. There is power 
in the stones. They don't want to share the stones at scale. Start at sort of PHD graduation


Leran magic by studying nature. Start war bc want to get rid of espers and old magic.

Espers are bothered by the netwrok of runes. Espers were in hybernation since the last war.
Witches makes pan come back. He helps everyone run away on the bahamut miuntain.

Practice magic like some sort of Kata, an art
. Started looking for artefact when master runes were found.

A mountain is a databas. Runes work locally or short range except when relay netweokr on whihc he feeds. Network has reach critical size to fight espers.Carbuncl  sinks a ship with rune hodlers on it. Jinedines's shi is just a casualty. 
The captain had a relay on his boat


After the war of magic, witches are only protectors of the magic.Can read history about attacker if he wears runes. In Akotis policae abuses runes. Can locate and see what they see.

Cavern transformee en mine.



Jinedine rune add one function to make them ne. Nina is cancelled. MEtal detector fund LoR

MArkus Sends order for violence using rune.. Steal stone frmo forbidden room

Course poursuite dans le Wasteland. Dechetterie

Show how the rebel group in nerobi is composed.

Add an episode in which the power of the runes is explored ?

Maybe before meeting the undergorund people.
Steal a runes stone despite knowing he shoul dnot and do not tell Celestina but shows her what he has done wiht it.
Gives it to Nikolo and invited to study in Akotis. Meets sofia and a violent guy who will pressure underground peeps to give stone. In the cavern she shows she can use fire magic. Show her house with garden. It's quiet here. I like it. I can grow herbs.

Faelea order think they can create a new esper.
the reason Jinedine is here is because the Markus has asked the King in Nerobi to send troups to re open the trade route.
Markus knows his men can;t do it because of Runes. He also hope the Army in Neorbi gets spread.

The plain under Nerobi are very fertile. South of the river is desert land 



wani + kani as amontser
In Bardo Juju leaves to accomplish some quest
Kokao islandas
Un perso qui revisite tous les precedents decors
Before they find the cave he shows his new runes to show progress
She shows some skills as well and he suggests she becomes part of the army ofr she joins the fae lea order

Nikolo 
Koril Maria 
Desmondo
Markus
Didu
Juju and friend come from The rocklands
Sailor is treated a asn edge case
Sofia 
Terres sauvages
Nahari

Juju's initiation. At some point can hear the phoenix

Engineer youth. Meet a friend girl. Runecrafting. 
Can send Short messages with a rune reader. 
Inherits one from is gramddad.
One day go to a tunnel and found people who leave underground.

No one can enter some tunnel.
One day he does. and found most powerfull metal (adamantite). 
He crafts very powerful runes.
And take control of the other rue bearer.
Not much people use runes because they are expensive.


contrebandier vs normal marchand don tlike each other

Contrebandier talkds to herald and pretend he is not
Contrebandier preapre as mission and goes to a shop
Boat innspection. Everything ok but the merchant is not happy
Damages boat


Pirate with crew take herald and big Knight on board
At some point they meet rascal (his friend who died)

Shall they take a merchant ? Yes ?
Which port do they leave from ?
Is the Herald from Nerobi or from Bardo.

Herald is ambassador 

Start by a letter and then yes boss ! we leave in two days


Captain see anogher matelot who is not is friend and damages his boat. That's why the herald comes

The guy who buys mythril is the merchant 



Mec sur le bateau qui fait de la contrebande a pas la choix que d embarquer un inspecteur et doit cacher ce qu il fait emme quand il ravitalle sur des petites iles 

Il les pousse a aidre un bateau en detresse

The trafficker goes to a pirate island to find the 3 women that are hiding. 10 years before Aryn was born
They land and then have to go to the town (a few fights to get there)

Go to the forest where there are mini quest like find a shovel to remove a stone

Then find a camp of treasure hunter search for rackam the red treasure
Then have to go into the mountain to find the hiding pirate women

Have a partner that you never meet again like the gosht in train in ff6

Why is the re brexit
Name of Aryn's bro

Two good endings. One positive, one very bad everyone fails and the runes take over the world. 
and they are known as dangerous rebels in the future


Find where Rena's castke is
DArius and berenice mythril vs manufatcured goods.
Forges
The queen is called Madeline
Tax import fish

Dans Nerobi tout le monde se sent surveille. Les gens sont parfaits mais vont dans des endroits dodgy sans runes.

There is a temple in Nerobi where Juju goes.

The temple de l order de fae lea est a la croise des elements : riviere, wind fire

In Nerobi le povoir politique est impuissant


First esper war due to mages. Juju's artefact are actually the one that created the first war

Chokobo esper is master of chokobos

High herbs with a town within comme dans les trolls (la mer d herbe)

First men vivent dans les montagnes ou aucun pouvoir ne fonctionne

Show how Nerobi was full of diversity but the runes create polarisation 

Riches get runes first
Rich proprietaire terriens vs farmers vs artisans.
Juju et Zin arrivent dans une ville type dunkerk et arrivent a nerobi via les fermes


La ville californie est ridicule avec les gens qui font du yoga etc

Phoenix shows open emoji town to Juju ?


Add characters stats

We find the real reason of contrebande later.

In Nerobi gurad blocking aisles a la ff7

There are towns along the main river of the continent


Add 'action' part comme quand ils grimpent le poteau du wall market

Ingenieur poursuivi poru avoir hacker les runes. HE participe a la contrebande de sake. He creates device to see through the runes in a short range radius

Jinedine fait une tentaive desespere de tuer le bad guy with 100% chance of failure because he is choked that his borther died

JuJu is saveed by teh phoenix. She has a special relationship with him since she's been looking for artifect

Arya grows stronger but the stronger she is the kinder she becomes / and misses her family++

Caith Sith will help Jinedin

Juju and the engineer may work together on new runes

Or the engineer and the sailor work on a new kind of boat (I prefer)

&#128481; Have a miner using a pick axe as a weapon

Juju's quest to find the artefact would make an interes3ting story.
Juju tells Zinedine that she leaves him there.



Roktudy Nerobu Fae lea plaine de rainen Ninphea

Re use : oh I read a story about an animal concert


Have a crafter as a character. Craft can be sunglasses or amulet... 

The sword becomes stronger and stronger with Juju's magic.
Shop you can use the sword with magic


Economy : Neroby is a trade center.
The engineer place exploits the people who can only live underground. That is the case because an esper got angry and they got cursed.




They land on Arya's Island where everyone is a chicken and foreigners are not welcome (Brexit)

Then they go to NErobi and on the way they stop in Juju's town where they learn her past. And meet the friend she lost ?

Then they reach Nerobi. They go to the king and the Engineer shuts down the city. They flee to the EAst and some bandit tell them they can help to escape. They follow. They meet the cat esper and the engineer there. Then they go to the very old forest witht the unicorn and the wolf. There are elves who help the espers. No one can go through the forest.

Then they reach the temple.  They split in two ? Some go to the cavern in the east wher ethey meet the people whose skin burns in the sun.

They go underground and meeet heir next friend. And they deliver Zinedine' Bro.


The other goup ? Meets the poenemoji people ? Something just happened to them