Add characters stats

Jinedine fait une tentaive desespere de tuer le bad guy with 100% chance of failure because he is choked that his borther died

JuJu is saveed by teh phoenix. She has a special relationship with him since she's been looking for artifect

Arya grows stronger but the stronger she is the kinder she becomes / and misses her family++

Caith Sith will help Jinedin

Juju and the engineer may work together on new runes

Or the engineer and the sailor work on a new kind of boat (I prefer)

&#128481; Have a miner using a pick axe as a weapon

Juju's quest to find the artefact would make an interes3ting story.
Juju tells Zinedine that she leaves him there.

***Zinedine Goes to a shop and sells his old sword and some stuff.

***Goes to the port and the sailor refuses him onbaord//

He then goes to th epub where he learns that it may be because of he is a soldier.

Then Juju comes in and she tells him she wants to join. She can help. 

They go to the port. and she calls the Owl and Zinedine drops the rune in the water.

Then the sailor says ok. That will be 1000 Gils each.

Then Juju is embarassed. Zinedine asks why. and she replies she is broke and he can help.

On board the sailor explains how he tried rune and they did not work well and he learnt that they were spying on him.
He has lost a friend as well. Flash back.

When on baord they fight carbuncle. They think it is gone and then it goes wild and creates a huge wave that sends them to Arya's island.

Roktudy Nerobu Fae lea plaine de rainen Ninphea

Re use : oh I read a story about an animal concert


Have a crafter as a character. Craft can be sunglasses or amulet... 



Fights

Prairies normal long fight. The sword becomes stronger and stronger with Juju's magic.
Shop you can use the sword with magic
On the boat, use different kinds of magic on the water monster


Economy : Neroby is a trade center.
The engineer place exploits the people who can only live underground. That is the case because an esper got angry and they got cursed.
Ile de Arya fait son Brexit.



They land on Arya's Island where everyone is a chicken and foreigners are not welcome (Brexit)

Then they go to NErobi and on the way they stop in Juju's town where they learn her past. And meet the friend she lost ?

Then they reach Nerobi. They go to the king and the Engineer shuts down the city. They flee to the EAst and some bandit tell them they can help to escape. They follow. They meet the cat esper and the engineer there. Then they go to the very old forest witht the unicorn and the wolf. There are elves who help the espers. No one can go through the forest.

Then they reach the temple.  They split in two ? Some go to the cavern in the east wher ethey meet the people whose skin burns in the sun.

They go underground and meeet heir next friend. And they deliver Zinedine' Bro.



The other goup ? Meets the poenemoji people ? Something just happened to them